Document more partner SDK-related stuff (#372)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/user-settings.mdx

| theme                                          | string                                                        | The user's [client theme](#theme)                                                                                           |                                         |
| timezone_offset                                | integer                                                       | The timezone offset from UTC to use (in minutes)                                                                            |                                         |
| view_nsfw_commands                             | boolean                                                       | Whether NSFW application commands are shown in DMs                                                                          |                                         |
| view_nsfw_guilds                               | boolean                                                       | Whether NSFW guilds are shown on iOS                                                                                        |                                         |

^1^ Does not apply to community guilds.

> ^2^ Not available in the [Ready](/resources/gateway-events#ready) event in OAuth2 contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^2^ Not available in the [Ready](/topics/gateway-events#ready) event in OAuth2 contexts.
```
same below

^1^ Does not apply to community guilds.

> ^2^ Not available in [OAuth2 Ready](/resources/gateway-events#oauth2-ready-structure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^2^ Not available in the [Ready](/resources/gateway-events#ready) event in OAuth2 contexts.
```
